hello to all of you here that figures
we are today in this news
video i will teach you to
turn your computer or pc
under windows in airplay receiver that's
to say that if you have at home that
you have an ipod touch an iphone or
an ipad so you can with the
music that is on your idevice
directly send it to your pc as
if your pc down was just a
airplay receiver so this
functionality is pretty well thought
very helpful so I'm going to show you
how to configure all that is
really very very simple and then I
you will do a little demonstration on
my ipod touch so the first step
so you go on the link that I
will put in the description of this
video so just below you click
here on the green button download
here you click on it here on
patient and five small seconds the
time the download starts
you save you want me I 'm going
put on my desk for better me
find
save you wait the time that
the download is completed once
this one finished
it's a zip archive you can
open it with minera wheels with that
you want inside to attach
chose you have a small point file
eagles expensive door strong w you take
you move it on your desk
once you're done you can
delete the file points 10 for us
there of course no need then you
will launch the small expensive program
strong door w I specify that it is a
mobile forgiveness program so there is
no installation went directly
open so we double click on it
we then have this which opens and we have here
so here are a few things we have
first of all come back click here on
challenge and airport name we will put
here is the name that thanks to
idevice wanted to send the music
you put the world of peace it's
really what you want so I
m pc de sacha here is password you do not
do not put it otherwise it seems to me that it does not
not work I'm me it did not
worked
you do ok then good here's the
modification has been taken into account
what are you going to do now
lower a little more nothing you will you
return to your device
we find ourselves immediately on my
ipod touch so here we are now
on my 4th generation ipod touch but that
really works with ipod turns
touch iphone ipad
so I would not want to specify now
that I think about it on your computer you
must
you have to check here if you want
autostart what will allow that sheikh
Doors open at each startup
your pc
and that you do not have to every time
you even open pie that's all
simply
and then that's all there is on your
ipod touch iphone ipad you can you
render on an app but who
offer music
the youtube native music app
deezer spotify what you want it
works very well
I put a little before
music in my music library
so I'll select here
music we hear it very very well of course
my itouch is no problem now I
will come click on the small icon
airplay that was created that were not
not here before here so we selected
here pc of his hunt what I had
defined
before when I showed you
auction doors here we press there
above I redo playes here is
directly the sponsor to put one of
my speakers that we are pretty good
but speakers that are connected in jack
on the computer is then shot down repainted
you can see that the researcher
recognizes the album the artist knows and
he even Romanian laura slippers
I will also ask
directly from chez reporte here
fair play and then make a song
next previous song
so here is my hope this video
you will have more then I obeyed open
a very important little thing when
you launch expensive door if you ask
a firewall authorization made
be careful to accept the word
permission by fire
otherwise you may not be able
to receive music and that will not hold
so well authorized the firewall
so here I hope that this video you
will have pleased me as I tell you to the
next take care of yourself
at